sgds-masthead/src/components/sgds-masthead/readme.md, before:

# sgds-masthead

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->

## Properties

| Property  | Attribute  | Description                                    | Type      | Default          |
| --------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------- |
| `fluid`   | `fluid`    | for full width masthead, add attribute `fluid` | `boolean` | `undefined`      |
| `sgCrest` | `sg-crest` |                                                | `string`  | `"sg-crest.svg"` |

## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                                   | Description                                                        |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--sgds-masthead-font-family`          | Primary font family. Default to system fonts.                      |
| `--sgds-masthead-identify-color`       | Color for "How to identify" button. Default to #2f60ce.            |
| `--sgds-masthead-identify-hover-color` | Color for "How to identify" button hovered. Default to #23489b.    |
| `--sgds-masthead-link-color`           | Link color. Default to #4372d6.                                    |
| `--sgds-masthead-link-hover-color`     | Link hover color. Default to #3a79ff.                              |
| `--sgds-masthead-tablet-font-size`     | Font size for tablet view 1024px. Default to 0.75rem.              |
| `--sgds-masthead-tablet-padding-x`     | Left and right padding for tablet view 1024px. Default to 1.25rem. |

---

_Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)_

Commit message:

feat(mobile-res): add mobile responsiveness to masthead font size

sgds-masthead/src/components/sgds-masthead/readme.md, after:

# sgds-masthead

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->

## Properties

| Property  | Attribute  | Description                                    | Type      | Default          |
| --------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------- |
| `fluid`   | `fluid`    | for full width masthead, add attribute `fluid` | `boolean` | `undefined`      |
| `sgCrest` | `sg-crest` |                                                | `string`  | `"sg-crest.svg"` |

## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                                   | Description                                                        |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--sgds-masthead-font-family`          | Primary font family. Default to system fonts.                      |
| `--sgds-masthead-identify-color`       | Color for "How to identify" button. Default to #2f60ce.            |
| `--sgds-masthead-identify-hover-color` | Color for "How to identify" button hovered. Default to #23489b.    |
| `--sgds-masthead-link-color`           | Link color. Default to #4372d6.                                    |
| `--sgds-masthead-link-hover-color`     | Link hover color. Default to #3a79ff.                              |
| `--sgds-masthead-tablet-font-size`     | Font size for tablet view 1024px and below. Default to 0.75rem.    |
| `--sgds-masthead-mobile-font-size`     | Font size for mobile view 576px and below. Default to 0.6875.      |
| `--sgds-masthead-tablet-padding-x`     | Left and right padding for tablet view 1024px. Default to 1.25rem. |

---

_Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)_
